Add Graph Insights and Watchdog Explains docs (#24141)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/graph_insights/correlations.md

**Note**: Correlation searches are available for a single metric. For graphs with multiple metrics, select the series of interest. From a full-screen graph, select one series on the graph legend, then click the **Correlations** tab.

## Customize your search

You can customize the default search parameters of correlations. From a full-screen graph, on the *Correlations* tab, click the **Edit Search** button, or click directly on the graph.

> 1. Click and drag on the graph to set the timeframe for your correlations search. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Click and drag on the graph to set the time frame for your correlations search. 
```

1. Define the sources you want correlations to search from (APM services, integrations, dashboards, or custom metrics).

> 1. Select `Auto-select` or `Custom select` from specific categories. For custom metrics, at least one selection is required.

Reviewer: Should `Auto-select` or `Custom select` be bold instead of in code?

Author: Great catch
```suggestion
1. Select **Auto-select** or **Custom select** from specific categories. For custom metrics, at least one selection is required.
```
